I 'll go there and do it again.
French will with 11 and the little flag
easy goal from mine you can do
scenographic cake to break organism
your customers
Let's check the trick he was
brown this profile the winter with sugar
impalpable or example recalls Easter
more or less in bottle shape
thus passes the Flemish within the whole and
Gently remove the excess will
commanding the folder inside the property
remember spiegel tips as stage
can in part in china puts more to the
pedro mass appears the man left that
complex and port of the bottle with
imported cake and it is vehemently
to follow pet bottle format
well for all to take the form of the north
whoever goes with it arrived easy in the crowd
to make American paste on it close
this paper on the bottom of the
cake
remember the tones of a light beat to
back to the shape and place on the drawing
easy to conquer is the dry one that
there are too many subjects in which four
Shaft paper blocks and runs with gel
on the American part so as not to be
transparent that is 4 she likes the paste
in the voting format
and runs in the bottle with the defendants the studio
was adopted with cereal alcohol and
fitch a little cover and tray
it is necessary to make the markings
Now let's make a scenographic cake.
for you to show to your customers
gel brush by easy on how to
a glue puts below the americana
brown
about fame squeezing black remove the
air bubbles
remember the excess of the pasta is as
we made the previous cake by placing the
voting avoiding so much you will
pressure your customers who will not
resist and place many orders
so you are liked or share
with friends you will find the
dead is very easy in several ways.
confectionery shops by country
our bonfácio site also with a
br point is our fan page
not be following to the next